British English Academy.
C2 listening activity.
Course: C2 Mastery English.
Module 4: Rhetoric, Diplomacy and High-Stakes Communication.
Lesson 4: Rhetoric, Diplomacy and High-Stakes Communication: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen for subtle tone, implication and rhetorical control.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can critique, refine, interpret nuance and produce expert-level responses in a listening task about specialised discourse.
Today you will practise language connected to specialised discourse.
Target language: stylistic inversion.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for rhetoric, diplomacy and high-stakes communication. You will learn useful language connected to specialised discourse and practise stylistic inversion. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C2 level.